### Meeting Report 12

**Date:** July 17th, 2025
**Scrum Master:** Taylor Oldham
**Scribe:** Timothy Faupusa
**Attendees:**

- Nathaniel Wilson
- Taylor Oldham
- Timothy Faupusa

#### Agenda
1. Discuss Milestone 5 requirements
2. Change wireframe design
3. Split up work for the first week of the milestone

#### Discussion
- Up until Monday, we will focus on changing the UI to fit new requirements and add new functionality to the memory.

#### Action Items:
**Taylor:** 
Changing memory widget to fit 250 slots and adding functionality to handle 6 digit numbeers
**Nate:** 
Creating tab GUI
**Tim:** 
Converting editor UI from a popup to a locked window on the left pane.
File size conversion from 4 digits to 6 digits


### Important Deadlines:
July 28th: Milestone 5


