### Meeting Report 14

**Date:** July 21st, 2025
**Scrum Master:** Taylor Oldham
**Scribe:** Timothy Faupusa
**Attendees:**
- Nathaniel Wilson
- Taylor Oldham
- Timothy Faupusa

#### Agenda
1. Discuss the work we did since our last meeting
2. Possible rework for tab feature

#### Discussion
- main.py is separated into 3 class files, dispatch table is implemented and tabs are implemented
- We will try to work in the feedback from the Professor but we are leaning towards keeping our original code and focusing on implementing the requirements for this current milestone
- Completed documentation for Milestone 5

#### Action Items:
**Taylor:** 

**Nate:** 

**Tim:** 
- Clean up the tab code and try to implement dispatch table into file classes


### Important Deadlines:
July 28th: Milestone 5


